LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.md
setup.py
iinfer/__init__.py
iinfer/__main__.py
iinfer/config.yml
iinfer/logconf_client.yml
iinfer/logconf_gui.yml
iinfer/logconf_install.yml
iinfer/logconf_postprocess.yml
iinfer/logconf_redis.yml
iinfer/logconf_server.yml
iinfer/logconf_web.yml
iinfer/version.py
iinfer.egg-info/PKG-INFO
iinfer.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
iinfer.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
iinfer.egg-info/entry_points.txt
iinfer.egg-info/requires.txt
iinfer.egg-info/top_level.txt
iinfer/app/__init__.py
iinfer/app/app.py
iinfer/app/client.py
iinfer/app/common.py
iinfer/app/injection.py
iinfer/app/install.py
iinfer/app/postprocess.py
iinfer/app/predict.py
iinfer/app/redis.py
iinfer/app/train.py
iinfer/app/web.py
iinfer/app/commons/module.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/__init__.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/iinfer_client_capture.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/iinfer_client_deploy.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/iinfer_client_deploy_list.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/iinfer_client_predict.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/iinfer_client_predict_type_list.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/iinfer_client_read_dir.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/iinfer_client_start.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/iinfer_client_stop.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/iinfer_client_train.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/iinfer_client_train_type_list.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/iinfer_client_undeploy.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/iinfer_gui_start.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/iinfer_install_insightface.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/iinfer_install_mmcls.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/iinfer_install_mmdet.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/iinfer_install_mmpretrain.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/iinfer_install_mmseg.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/iinfer_install_onnx.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/iinfer_install_redis.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/iinfer_install_server.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/iinfer_postprocess_cls_jadge.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/iinfer_postprocess_cmd.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/iinfer_postprocess_csv.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/iinfer_postprocess_det_clip.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/iinfer_postprocess_det_face_store.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/iinfer_postprocess_det_filter.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/iinfer_postprocess_det_jadge.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/iinfer_postprocess_httpreq.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/iinfer_postprocess_seg_bbox.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/iinfer_postprocess_seg_filter.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/iinfer_postprocess_showimg.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/iinfer_redis_docker_run.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/iinfer_redis_docker_stop.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/iinfer_web_start.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/iinfer_web_webcap.py
iinfer/app/features/cli/postprocess_feature.py
iinfer/app/features/web/iinfer_web_anno_archive.py
iinfer/app/features/web/iinfer_web_anno_get_img.py
iinfer/app/features/web/iinfer_web_annotation.py
iinfer/app/features/web/iinfer_web_gui.py
iinfer/app/features/web/iinfer_web_load_capture.py
iinfer/app/features/web/iinfer_web_load_result.py
iinfer/app/features/web/iinfer_web_pub_img.py
iinfer/app/features/web/iinfer_web_pub_img_proxy.py
iinfer/app/features/web/iinfer_web_pub_img_proxy_chk.py
iinfer/app/features/web/iinfer_web_showimg.py
iinfer/app/features/web/iinfer_web_sub_img.py
iinfer/app/features/web/iinfer_web_versions_iinfer.py
iinfer/app/features/web/iinfer_web_webcap.py
iinfer/app/injections/after_cls_jadge_injection.py
iinfer/app/injections/after_cmd_injection.py
iinfer/app/injections/after_csv_injection.py
iinfer/app/injections/after_det_filter_injection.py
iinfer/app/injections/after_det_jadge_injection.py
iinfer/app/injections/after_http_injection.py
iinfer/app/injections/after_seg_bbox_injection.py
iinfer/app/injections/after_seg_filter_injection.py
iinfer/app/injections/after_showimg_injection.py
iinfer/app/injections/before_grayimg_injection.py
iinfer/app/postprocesses/cls_jadge.py
iinfer/app/postprocesses/cmd.py
iinfer/app/postprocesses/csv.py
iinfer/app/postprocesses/det_clip.py
iinfer/app/postprocesses/det_face_store.py
iinfer/app/postprocesses/det_filter.py
iinfer/app/postprocesses/det_jadge.py
iinfer/app/postprocesses/httpreq.py
iinfer/app/postprocesses/seg_bbox.py
iinfer/app/postprocesses/seg_filter.py
iinfer/app/postprocesses/showimg.py
iinfer/app/predicts/__init__.py
iinfer/app/predicts/insightface_det.py
iinfer/app/predicts/mmdet_det_YoloX.py
iinfer/app/predicts/mmdet_det_YoloX_Lite.py
iinfer/app/predicts/mmpretrain_cls_swin.py
iinfer/app/predicts/mmpretrain_cls_swin_Lite.py
iinfer/app/predicts/mmseg_seg_PSPNet.py
iinfer/app/predicts/mmseg_seg_San.py
iinfer/app/predicts/mmseg_seg_SwinUpernet.py
iinfer/app/predicts/onnx_cls_EfficientNet_Lite4.py
iinfer/app/predicts/onnx_det_TinyYoloV3.py
iinfer/app/predicts/onnx_det_YoloV3.py
iinfer/app/predicts/onnx_det_YoloX.py
iinfer/app/predicts/onnx_det_YoloX_Lite.py
iinfer/app/trains/mmdet_det_YoloX.py
iinfer/app/trains/mmdet_det_YoloX_Lite.py
iinfer/app/trains/mmpretrain_cls_swin.py
iinfer/app/trains/mmseg_seg_PSPNet.py
iinfer/app/trains/mmseg_seg_San.py
iinfer/app/trains/mmseg_seg_SwinUpernet.py
iinfer/docker/Dockerfile
iinfer/docker/__init__.py
iinfer/docker/docker-compose.yml
iinfer/docker/scripts/start.sh
iinfer/extensions/features.yml
iinfer/extensions/label_cityscapes.txt
iinfer/extensions/label_coco.txt
iinfer/extensions/label_imagenet1k.txt
iinfer/extensions/label_voc.txt
iinfer/extensions/user_list.yml
iinfer/extensions/configs/mmdet/yolox_l_8xb8-300e_coco.py
iinfer/extensions/configs/mmdet/yolox_s_8xb8-300e_coco.py
iinfer/extensions/configs/mmdet/yolox_tiny_8xb8-300e_coco.py
iinfer/extensions/configs/mmdet/yolox_tta.py
iinfer/extensions/configs/mmpretrain/swin-base_16xb64_in1k-384px.py
iinfer/extensions/configs/mmpretrain/swin-large_16xb64_in1k-384px.py
iinfer/extensions/configs/mmpretrain/swin-small_16xb64_in1k.py
iinfer/extensions/configs/mmpretrain/swin-tiny_16xb64_in1k.py
iinfer/extensions/configs/mmseg/pspnet_r101-d8_4xb2-80k_cityscapes-512x1024.py
iinfer/extensions/configs/mmseg/pspnet_r18-d8_4xb2-80k_cityscapes-512x1024.py
iinfer/extensions/configs/mmseg/pspnet_r50-d8_4xb2-80k_cityscapes-512x1024.py
iinfer/extensions/configs/mmseg/san-vit-b16_coco-stuff164k-640x640.py
iinfer/extensions/configs/mmseg/san-vit-l14_coco-stuff164k-640x640.py
iinfer/extensions/configs/mmseg/swin-base-patch4-window12-in1k-384x384-pre_upernet_8xb2-160k_ade20k-512x512.py
iinfer/extensions/configs/mmseg/swin-base-patch4-window12-in22k-384x384-pre_upernet_8xb2-160k_ade20k-512x512.py
iinfer/extensions/configs/mmseg/swin-small-patch4-window7-in1k-pre_upernet_8xb2-160k_ade20k-512x512.py
iinfer/extensions/configs/mmseg/swin-tiny-patch4-window7-in1k-pre_upernet_8xb2-160k_ade20k-512x512.py
iinfer/extensions/data/test/Please_include_image_files.txt
iinfer/extensions/data/train/Please_include_image_files.txt
iinfer/extensions/data/val/Please_include_image_files.txt
iinfer/extensions/injection/after_cls_jadge_injection.json
iinfer/extensions/injection/after_csv_injection.json
iinfer/extensions/injection/after_det_filter_injection.json
iinfer/extensions/injection/after_det_jadge_injection.json
iinfer/extensions/injection/after_http_injection.json
iinfer/extensions/injection/after_seg_bbox_injection.json
iinfer/extensions/injection/after_seg_filter_injection.json
iinfer/extensions/injection/after_showimg_injection.json
iinfer/extensions/injection/before_gray_injection.json
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.Jinja2.3.1.5(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.Jinja2.3.1.6(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.MarkupSafe.3.0.2(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.PyYAML.6.0.2(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.Pygments.2.19.1(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.Sphinx.8.2.3(UNKNOWN).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.alabaster.1.0.0(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.annotated-types.0.7.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.anyio.4.8.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.anyio.4.9.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.argcomplete.3.5.3(Apache Software License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.argcomplete.3.6.2(Apache Software License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.babel.2.17.0(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.backports.tarfile.1.2.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.certifi.2025.1.31(Mozilla Public License 2.0 (MPL 2.0)).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.cffi.1.17.1(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.charset-normalizer.3.4.1(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.click.8.1.8(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.cmdbox.0.5.3.1(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.colorama.0.4.6(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.contourpy.1.3.2(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.cryptography.44.0.1(Apache Software License; BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.cryptography.44.0.2(Apache Software License; BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.cycler.0.12.1(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.docutils.0.21.2(BSD License; GNU General Public License (GPL); Public Domain; Python Software Foundation License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.fastapi.0.115.12(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.fastapi.0.115.8(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.filterpy.1.4.5(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.fonttools.4.56.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.fonttools.4.57.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.gevent.25.4.1(MIT).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.greenlet.3.1.1(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.greenlet.3.2.0(MIT AND Python-2.0).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.gunicorn.23.0.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.h11.0.14.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.httptools.0.6.4(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.id.1.5.0(Apache Software License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.idna.3.10(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.imagesize.1.4.1(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.importlib_metadata.8.6.1(Apache Software License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.iniconfig.2.0.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.iniconfig.2.1.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.itsdangerous.2.2.0(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.jaraco.classes.3.4.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.jaraco.context.6.0.1(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.jaraco.functools.4.1.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.keyring.25.6.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.kiwisolver.1.4.8(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.markdown-it-py.3.0.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.matplotlib.3.10.1(Python Software Foundation License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.mdurl.0.1.2(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.more-itertools.10.6.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.motpy.0.0.10(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.nh3.0.2.20(MIT).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.nh3.0.2.21(MIT).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.numpy.2.2.4(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.opencv-python.4.11.0.86(Apache Software License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.packaging.24.2(Apache Software License; BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.pillow.11.2.1(UNKNOWN).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.pip.24.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.pluggy.1.5.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.plyer.2.1.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.prettytable.3.16.0(UNKNOWN).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.prompt_toolkit.3.0.51(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.psycopg-binary.3.2.6(GNU Lesser General Public License v3 (LGPLv3)).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.psycopg.3.2.6(GNU Lesser General Public License v3 (LGPLv3)).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.pycparser.2.22(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.pycryptodome.3.22.0(BSD License; Public Domain).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.pydantic.2.11.3(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.pydantic_core.2.27.2(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.pydantic_core.2.33.1(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.pyparsing.3.2.3(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.pystray.0.19.5(GNU Lesser General Public License v3 (LGPLv3)).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.pytest-order.1.3.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.pytest.8.3.4(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.pytest.8.3.5(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.python-dateutil.2.9.0.post0(Apache Software License; BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.python-dotenv.1.0.1(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.python-dotenv.1.1.0(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.python-multipart.0.0.20(Apache Software License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.pywin32-ctypes.0.2.3(BSD-3-Clause).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.questionary.2.1.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.readme_renderer.44.0(Apache Software License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.redis.5.2.1(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.requests-mock.1.12.1(Apache Software License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.requests-toolbelt.1.0.0(Apache Software License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.requests.2.32.3(Apache Software License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.rfc3986.2.0.0(Apache Software License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.rich.13.9.4(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.rich.14.0.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.roman-numerals-py.3.1.0(CC0 1.0 Universal (CC0 1.0) Public Domain Dedication; Zero-Clause BSD (0BSD)).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.scipy.1.15.2(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.setuptools.65.5.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.six.1.17.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.sniffio.1.3.1(Apache Software License; MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.snowballstemmer.2.2.0(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.sphinx-intl.2.3.1(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.sphinx-rtd-theme.3.0.2(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.sphinx-sitemap.2.6.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.sphinx_fontawesome.0.0.6(GNU General Public License v2 (GPLv2)).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.sphinxcontrib-applehelp.2.0.0(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.sphinxcontrib-devhelp.2.0.0(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp.2.1.0(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.sphinxcontrib-jquery.4.1(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.sphinxcontrib-jsmath.1.0.1(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.sphinxcontrib-qthelp.2.0.0(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml.2.0.0(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.starlette.0.46.2(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.tabulate.0.9.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.tomli.2.2.1(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.twine.6.1.0(Apache Software License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.typing-inspection.0.4.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.typing_extensions.4.12.2(Python Software Foundation License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.typing_extensions.4.13.2(UNKNOWN).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.tzdata.2025.2(Apache Software License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.urllib3.2.3.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.urllib3.2.4.0(UNKNOWN).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.uvicorn.0.34.1(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.watchfiles.1.0.4(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.watchfiles.1.0.5(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.wcwidth.0.2.13(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.websockets.15.0.1(BSD License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.wheel.0.45.1(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.zipp.3.21.0(MIT License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.zope.event.5.0(Zope Public License).txt
iinfer/licenses/LICENSE.zope.interface.7.2(Zope Public License).txt
iinfer/licenses/files.txt
iinfer/tools/__init__.py
iinfer/tools/gentest.py
iinfer/tools/datas/000001_client_capture.json
iinfer/tools/datas/010001_client_deploy.json
iinfer/tools/datas/010101_client_start.json
iinfer/tools/datas/010201_client_predict.json
iinfer/tools/datas/010301_postprocess_det_filter.json
iinfer/tools/datas/010302_postprocess_det_jadge.json
iinfer/tools/datas/010401_client_deploy_list.json
iinfer/tools/datas/010501_client_stop.json
iinfer/tools/datas/010601_client_undeploy.json
iinfer/tools/datas/020001_client_deploy.json
iinfer/tools/datas/020101_client_start.json
iinfer/tools/datas/020201_client_predict.json
iinfer/tools/datas/020501_client_stop.json
iinfer/tools/datas/020601_client_undeploy.json
iinfer/tools/datas/030101_client_predict_type_list.json
iinfer/tools/datas/030201_client_train_type_list.json
iinfer/tools/datas/injections/after_det_filter_injection2.py
iinfer/tools/datas/injections/after_injection.json
iinfer/tools/datas/injections/before_grayimg_injection2.py
iinfer/tools/datas/injections/before_injection.json
iinfer/tools/datas/predicts/mmdet_det_YoloX2.py
iinfer/tools/datas/trains/mmdet_det_YoloX2.py
iinfer/web/annotation.html
iinfer/web/assets_license_list.txt
iinfer/web/showimg.html
iinfer/web/webcap.html
iinfer/web/assets/annotation/annotation.js
iinfer/web/assets/annotation/main.css
iinfer/web/assets/annotation/main.js
iinfer/web/assets/iinfer/favicon.ico
iinfer/web/assets/iinfer/icon.png
iinfer/web/assets/showimg/showimg.js
iinfer/web/assets/webcap/webcap.js